# psxdev
Recovered files from PSXDev.de for PSOne indie game development on GNU/Linux.



----------------
 It is also required that the linux kernel source code is installed in /usr/src/linux and that your currently installed kernel was compiled from that sources. During the installation of PSXDEV-CORE the PSXDEV kernel device driver will be compiled and installed as a loadable kernel module, so you must have your kernel configured with support for that. To check that, start your kernel configuration utiltiy (i.e. make menuconfig) and check these settings:

    Loadable module support
        Enable loadable module support: YES
        Set version information on all symbols for modules: YES
        Kernel module loader: YES

Again, the kernel source is expected in /usr/src/linux, this is typically a symbolic link to the real location. If the kernel source is not present the installation will fail! 
---------------


CORE

Download the psxdev-core-???.tar.gz archive. Then unpack it to a temporary directory and change into psxdev-core-???. Become root and choose a location for PSXDEV. The recommended location is /opt/psxdev, but you can also use /usr/local or anything else. The location should be owned by root. Run ./install /opt/psxdev to install the core into /opt/psxdev. This also compiles and installs the device driver; you need a linux kernel source version 2.1 or higher and you kernel should be compiled with loadable modules support. Note: You need to modify your $PATH and $LD_LIBRARY_PATH variables to point to $PSXDEV/bin and $PSXDEV/lib. You should use the psxdev.sh script which has been generated by the ./install script. Normally you want to place this script with executable permission in /etc/profile.d/ script directory (i.e. RedHat Linux).
DOCS

Just change to the $PSXDEV base directory and unpack the .tar.gz archive. You will find the documentation files in the doc and public_html subdirectores.
LIBS

Download the psxdev-libs-???.tar.gz archive. Then unpack it to a temporary directory and change into psxdev-libs-???. Check if the $PSXDEV variable points to the correct location. Become root and repeat the following for all sub directories:

    ./configure --with-library-version=?.?.?--prefix=$PSXDEV --exec-prefix=$PSXDEV
    make
    make install

This will build and install all the static and shared libraries and the header files into the $PSXDEV hierarchy. The --with-library-version=?.?.? lets you choose the version number for the shared library. This is a maintainer option! If you omit it, a 1.0.0 version will be generated.

BINUTILS

Next, you need to install the GNU binutils, because the psxdev-tools depends on it. Download and unpack psxdev-binutils-???.tar.gz. You will find a new .tar.gz file and a .patch file. Perform the following steps:

    tar zxvf psxdev-binutils-???.tar.gz
    cd psxdev-binutils-??? patch -p1 < psxdev-binutils-???.patch
    mkdir psx
    cd psx
    ../configure --prefix=$PSXDEV --exec-prefix=$PSXDEV --enable-shared --enable-commonbfdlib --with-mmap --target=psx
    make
    make install

TOOLS

The same as above for psxdev-tools-???.tar.gz. Unpack and

    ./configure --prefix=$PSXDEV --exec-prefix=$PSXDEV
    make
    make install

GCC

Download and unpack psxdev-gcc-???.tar.gz. You will find a new .tar.gz file and a .patch file. Perform the following steps:

    tar zxvf psxdev-gcc-???.tar.gz
    cd psxdev-gcc-???
    patch -p1 < psxdev-gcc-???.patch
    mkdir psx
    cd psx
    ../configure --prefix=$PSXDEV --with-gnu-as --with-gnu-ld --exec-prefix=$PSXDEV --target=psx
    make install

APPS

Download and unpack psxdev-apps-???.tar.gz. For each subdirectory repeat the following:

    ./configure --prefix=$PSXDEV --exec-prefix=$PSXDEV
    make
    make install

Congratulations! Installation complete.
